Now why do we have and need Deno?
Well, if we need it or not is, of course,
up to you and the entire community to decide.
We have it because Ryan Dahl, the creator of Node,
so the person who invented Node 10 years ago,
is also the creator of Deno.
And he came up with Deno, because he simply
wasn't happy with Node anymore.
Now I wanna be very clear.
Node is not going to go anywhere.
And you don't need to take this from me,
you can take it from Ryan himself.
Node is not going anywhere.
It's mature, it's big, it's there, it's established,
it's being used by thousands of developers and companies.
So Node isn't going anywhere.
But Deno can be worth a look,
because it does some small things differently than Node,
simply because Ryan thought like,
well there was this chance of making Node better.
And Deno is the result of that, you could say.
Now, we'll come back to this question
of whether you wanna progress with Deno, Deno,
whatever you wanna call it,
or if you should stick to Node at the end of the module.
I'll come back to that there.
The main takeaway is that
there will be some core differences,
which we'll see in action throughout this module,
but that, of course,
you might not need all those enhancements
introduced by Deno.
So therefore, the established, highly active ecosystem,
the fact that it's production-proved
and that it's very mature,
that might be strong reasons for sticking to Node.
Deno, of course, has some core differences,
which also might be interesting,
and therefore, we'll now have a look at all of that
throughout this module.
We'll get started by installing Deno,
and by writing some basic code with it,
and we'll then, by the end of the module,
find out whether you should switch or stick.